---
layout: post
title:  "An annonymous blog"
---
I've blogged on and off for several years. I published very little of what I
wrote (or began to write), and the stuff I did publish probably didn't ever
really get much outside my circle of friends.

I didn't care about what I was writing all that much. I spent far more time
caring about my blog's design and what fonts I was using than I did writing or
even thinking about what to write.

I blogged for narcissism. In my mind, my blog was a reflection of who I was. I
cared about it looking nice and everything about it being polished and perfect,
but I didn't care about the blogging itself. At least not much.

Even when I did care about my writing, I was restricted by wanting perfection
and polish. I wouldn't publish things that I didn't think were great, because I
didn't want them reflecting on me. Some amount of editing and restraint in what
I publish is probably good, but I had way too much, to the point where I almost
wouldn't want to publish anything at all.

Finally, I also shied away from talking about my political views, which are a
little "extreme", in the sense that they are likely far from the average
person's views. If I ever did talk about my political views, I would censor
myself a lot. I didn't talk about my political views very much in "real life",
and I was wary of people I knew knowing too much about them.

For all of these reasons, I want to try blogging anonymously for a change. I
don't want to focus on my blog as a reflection of me, I don't want to care
about its design, I don't want to worry about how what I write will reflect on
me, I just want to write.

Maybe I should be able to do all of that without resorting to hiding my
identity, but I have not been able to in my experience, and I think this may
help. Maybe if I get the hang of it I'll go back to publishing under my own
name. But I don't want to think about that for now. I just want to write.

To be honest, I don't even really know _why_ I want to write. It could very
well be that narcissism was the only reason I wanted to write in the first
place. In which case this endeavor might be futile. But I've been trying to
write for so long that I might as well give it a shot to see if there's
something to this.
